
Mohamed Mohamud
Front End Web Developer

Ottawa, ON 
613 700 5789
contact@mohamed-m.ca
WWW: http://www.mohamed-m.ca

Professional Summary

Creative UI Developer with years of facilitating and supporting human interactions with complex systems and software. Maintains user-centric designs while adhering to prescribed interface principals and related development goals.

Work History

March 2020 to July 2021
Sectigo Ottawa, Ontario
UI Developer    

Communicated with product managers and UX designers to translate project requirements and business objectives into polished user interfaces.
Improved and expanded project platforms using JavaScript to develop rich User Interfaces.
Technologies: HTML, Angular, Sass, Typescript

February 2019 to January 2020
Wikileaf Ottawa, Ontario
Front End Web Developer    

Assembled and addressed technical and design requirements, integrating user-facing and front-end elements to maintain web presence effectiveness.
Developed the front end and UI/UX for the new custom design. Scaffolded Angular components to parse data, and created Services to update the database.
Technologies: HTML, Angular, Sass, Typescript

November 2018 to January 2019
Marketing Breakthroughs Ottawa, Ontario
Web Developer    

Short-term contract for developing the landing pages of a Christmas holiday online marketing campaign.
Planned website development, converting mockups into usable web presence with HTML, JavaScript, AJAX and JSON coding.
Technologies: HTML, Javascript, CSS

February 2018 to August 2018
Baytek Ottawa, Ontario
Front End Web Developer    

Wrote clean HTML and CSS code, integrating design, extensions and third-party apps according to web development plans.
Developed custom WordPress themes and maintained the boilerplate used. Delivered end products in 3 formats: mobile, tablet, desktop. Supported all major browsers and

IE > 10.
Technologies: HTML, SASS, JavaScript/jQuery, WordPress.

July 2015 to May 2018
GameDay New Media Agency Hamilton, Ontario
Front End Web Developer    

Reviewed and tested customer-facing prototypes before deployment, applying best practice diagnostic techniques to verify usability.
Developed the in house website theme(s) for the agency.
Technologies: HTML, SASS, JavaScript/jQuery, WordPress.

Education

Carleton University Ottawa, ON
Bachelor of Information Technology Interactive Multimedia & Design 

Completed 13.5 Credits towards a BIT degree (20 Credits).

Skills

HTML  

SASS CCS  

JavaScript  

Angular  

React  

Adobe Creative Suite proficiency  
